feat: Add parallelism to major chunk of hooks. Check `Parallelism` section in README (#620)
antonbabenko/pre-commit-terraform: README.md

| `terraform_docs_replace`                               | Runs `terraform-docs` and pipes the output directly to README.md. **DEPRECATED**, see [#248](https://github.com/antonbabenko/pre-commit-terraform/issues/248). [Hook notes](#terraform_docs_replace-deprecated)                              | `python3`, `terraform-docs`                                                                 |
| `terraform_docs_without_`<br>`aggregate_type_defaults` | Inserts input and output documentation into `README.md` without aggregate type defaults. Hook notes same as for [terraform_docs](#terraform_docs)                                                                                            | `terraform-docs`                                                                            |
| `terraform_fmt`                                        | Reformat all Terraform configuration files to a canonical format. [Hook notes](#terraform_fmt)                                                                                                                                               | -                                                                                           |

> | `terraform_providers_lock`                             | Updates provider signatures in [dependency lock files](https://www.terraform.io/docs/cli/commands/providers/lock.html). [Hook notes](#terraform_providers_lock)                                                                              | `flock` recommended (have fallback to bash)                                                 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `terraform_providers_lock`                             | Updates provider signatures in [dependency lock files](https://www.terraform.io/docs/cli/commands/providers/lock.html). [Hook notes](#terraform_providers_lock)                                                                              | `flock` recommended (fallbacks to pure shell implementation if `flock` isn't found)                                                 |
```

| `terraform_tflint`                                     | Validates all Terraform configuration files with [TFLint](https://github.com/terraform-linters/tflint). [Available TFLint rules](https://github.com/terraform-linters/tflint/tree/master/docs/rules#rules). [Hook notes](#terraform_tflint). | `tflint`                                                                                    |
| `terraform_tfsec`                                      | [TFSec](https://github.com/aquasecurity/tfsec) static analysis of terraform templates to spot potential security issues. **DEPRECATED**, use `terraform_trivy`. [Hook notes](#terraform_tfsec-deprecated)                                    | `tfsec`                                                                                     |
| `terraform_trivy`                                      | [Trivy](https://github.com/aquasecurity/trivy) static analysis of terraform templates to spot potential security issues. [Hook notes](#terraform_trivy)                                                                                      | `trivy`                                                                                     |

> | `terraform_validate`                                   | Validates all Terraform configuration files. [Hook notes](#terraform_validate)                                                                                                                                                               | `jq` only for `--retry-once-with-cleanup` flag; `flock` recommended (have fallback to bash) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `terraform_validate`                                   | Validates all Terraform configuration files. [Hook notes](#terraform_validate)                                                                                                                                                               | `jq` only for `--retry-once-with-cleanup` flag; `flock` recommended (fallbacks to pure shell implementation if `flock` isn't found) |
```

| `terraform_tflint`                                     | Validates all Terraform configuration files with [TFLint](https://github.com/terraform-linters/tflint). [Available TFLint rules](https://github.com/terraform-linters/tflint/tree/master/docs/rules#rules). [Hook notes](#terraform_tflint). | `tflint`                                                                             |
| `terraform_tfsec`                                      | [TFSec](https://github.com/aquasecurity/tfsec) static analysis of terraform templates to spot potential security issues. **DEPRECATED**, use `terraform_trivy`. [Hook notes](#terraform_tfsec-deprecated)                                    | `tfsec`                                                                              |
| `terraform_trivy`                                      | [Trivy](https://github.com/aquasecurity/trivy) static analysis of terraform templates to spot potential security issues. [Hook notes](#terraform_trivy)                                                                                      | `trivy`                                                                              |

> | `terraform_validate`                                   | Validates all Terraform configuration files. [Hook notes](#terraform_validate)                                                                                                                                                               | `jq` only for `--retry-once-with-cleanup` flag                                       |

Author: ```suggestion
| `terraform_validate`                                   | Validates all Terraform configuration files. [Hook notes](#terraform_validate)                                                                                                                                                               | `jq`, only for `--retry-once-with-cleanup` flag                                       |
```

>
> <br>
> Tests below were run on repo with 45 Terraform dirs on laptop with 16 CPUs, SSD and 1Gbit/s network. Laptop was slightly used in the process.
>
> Observed results may vary greatly depending on your repo structure, machine characteristics and their usage.
>
> If during fine-tuning you'll find that your results are very different from provided below and you think that this data could help someone else - feel free to send PR.
>
>
> | Hook                                                                           | Most used resource                 | Comparison of optimization results / Notes                      |
> | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ---------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------- |
> | terraform_checkov                                                              | CPU heavy                          | -                                                               |
> | terraform_fmt                                                                  | CPU heavy                          | -                                                               |

> > | terraform_providers_lock (3 platforms,<br>`--mode=always-regenerate-lockfile`) | Network & Disk heavy               | `defaults (CPU-1)` - 3m 39s; `CPU*2` - 3m 19s; `CPU*4` - 2m 56s |

Author: I not sure it is should be here, but `t providers lock` didn't use `TF_PLUGIN_CACHE_DIR` till 1.8.x release which "slightly" increases the time needed for that hook

PR with the fix was merged on 9th Feb 2024 https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform/pull/34632

Reviewer: > but `t providers lock` didn't use `TF_PLUGIN_CACHE_DIR` till 1.8.x release

It's so hashicorpish 😲

> | terraform_validate (t init + t validate)                                       | Network & Disk heavy, CPU moderate | `defaults (CPU-1)` - 1m 30s; `CPU*2` - 1m 25s; `CPU*4` - 1m 41s |
> | terragrunt_fmt                                                                 | CPU heavy                          | N/A? need more info from TG users                               |
> | terragrunt_validate                                                            | CPU heavy                          | N/A? need more info from TG users                               |
> | terrascan                                                                      | CPU moderate-heavy                 | `defaults (CPU-1)` - 8s; `CPU*2` - 6s                           |
> | tfupdate                                                                       | Disk/Network?                      | too quick in any settings. More info needed                     |
>
>
> </details>

```yaml
args:
  - --hook-config=--parallelism-ci-cpu-cores=N
```

> If you don't see code above in your `pre-commit-config.yaml` or logs - you don't need it.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't see code above in your `pre-commit-config.yaml` or logs - you most probably don't need it.  
```

Reviewer: There is no "maybe" in my commit suggestion =) "Most probably" is the very high level of likelihood. You can't judge whether users need it or not, but you can say for sure that they do not need in in the vast majority of use cases and when they know what they're doing.
Either way feel free to discard this suggestion, if you think it's not worth of giving users a chance =)

> `--parallelism-ci-cpu-cores` used only in edge cases and ignored in other situations. Check-out it usage in [hooks/_common.sh](hooks/_common.sh)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`--parallelism-ci-cpu-cores` used only in edge cases and is ignored in other situations. Check out its usage in [hooks/_common.sh](hooks/_common.sh)
```

> All, except deprecated hooks: `checkov`, `terraform_docs_replace` and hooks which can't be paralleled this way: `infracost_breakdown`, `terraform_wrapper_module_for_each`.  
> Also, there a chance that parallelism have no effect on `terragrunt_fmt` and `terragrunt_validate` hooks

By default, parallelism set to `number of logical CPUs - 1`.  
If you'd like to disable parallelism, set it to `1`

```yaml
- id: terragrunt_validate
  args:
    - --hook-config=--parallelism-limit=1
```

In the same way you can set it to any positive integer.

If you'd like to set parallelism value relatively to number of CPU logical cores - provide valid bash arithmetic expression and use `CPU` as reference to the number of CPU logical cores

```yaml
- id: terraform_providers_lock
  args:
    - --hook-config=--parallelism-limit=CPU*4
```

> [!TIP]
> <details><summary>Info useful for parallelism fine-tunning</summary>
>
> <br>
> Tests below was run on repo with 45 terraform dirs on laptop with 16 CPU, SSD and 1Gbit/s network. Laptop was slightly used in the process.
>
> Observed results may vary greatly depending on your repo structure, machine characteristics and their usage.
>

> > If during fine-tuning you'll find that your results are very different from provided below and you thonk that this data could help someone else - feel free to send PR.

Author: `thonk` is a new `bonk` :D

>
>

> > | Hook                                     | Most used resource                 | Optimization runs comparison / Notes                            |

Author: I mean something like "Comparison of optimization runs"

> > | Hook                                     | Most used resource                 | Optimization runs comparison / Notes                            |

Reviewer: Maybe "Comparison of optimization results" then?
